# Dracoswood Magnet Wooden Dice Tower
A mockup of suggested changes for the product page at: https://dracoswood.com/products/dice-tower

Upon interfacing with the aforementioned website, a discovery that the purchasing process could be finer tune arose. When choosing options for uploading and placing images onto the tower or tray, the process does not allow for the uploading of images, and the special-instructions box holds the label of "please attach the text and font number." At a cursorary glance, this causes confusion and requires further reading due to the promise of custom images yet no immediate way to do so. Thankfully, the page creator forsaw this and created a full on description laying out the purchasing process.

The description leads you to emailing a member of the Dracoswood team. However, this can be a back and forth as the specifications may require a detailed explanation. The purchasing process could be remedied in one of two forseen ways: (1) grant the user a template that would then be used by the Dracos team to create the desired tower/tray. (2) allow the uploading of images when purchasing the tower with fields for each section of the tower/tray.

The exploration of both methods have their pros and cons. Option #1 allows for more precise placement and control of the images for the exactly invisioned tower, however, then the customer would need to know how to use an image editor for such a process. Option #2 allows for a streamlined expression of what the customer wants, however, that would then limit the placements of the images. Option #2's issue can be circumvented with the assistance of the special-instructions field. Although option two could result in an emailing back and forth for specifications, it still alleviates some of the burdens when the customer tries to explain what they wish from the  team and product. Both options still help give a frame of reference for the tower -- the orientation, the surfaces that can be customized, etc.

The aim here is to improve upon an already clean webpage to help move it to the next level. There, also, exists an understanding that the webpages may appear this way due to templates for ease of uploading products from a database. While this is convenient for the webpage managers and the product owner, it does not feel so for the customers as mentioned prior and from personal experience.
